docs: enforce bumping driver api and schema versions at every change (#1273)
falcosecurity/libs: driver/README.VERSION.md

The file API_VERSION must contain a semver-like version number of the userspace<->kernel API. All other lines are ignored.

> The version number should be bumped whenever necessary during the development and testing phases of the release cycle. A version bump represents a single change or an atomic group of changes, and so it can happen multiple times during the same development cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes happened sparsely during a given release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version number must be incremented every time and only when a single change or an atomic group of changes - which meet the criteria described in the _When to Increment_ section below - is included in the `master` branch. Thus, a version bump can occur multiple times during the development and testing phases of a given release cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes that occurred sporadically during the release cycle.
```

> The version number should be bumped whenever necessary during the development and testing phases of the release cycle. A version bump represents a single change or an atomic group of changes, and so it can happen multiple times during the same development cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes happened sparsely during a given release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version number must be incremented every time and only when a single change or an atomic group of changes - which meet the criteria described in the _When to Increment_ section below - is included in the `master` branch. Thus, a version bump can occur multiple times during the development and testing phases of a given release cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes that occurred sporadically during the release cycle.
```

The file SCHEMA_VERSION must contain a semver-like version number of the event schema. All other lines are ignored.

> The version number should be bumped whenever necessary during the development and testing phases of the release cycle. A version bump represents a single change or an atomic group of changes, and so it can happen multiple times during the same development cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes happened sparsely during a given release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version number must be incremented every time and only when a single change or an atomic group of changes - which meet the criteria described in the _When to Increment_ section below - is included in the `master` branch. Thus, a version bump can occur multiple times during the development and testing phases of a given release cycle. A given version bump must not group multiple changes that occurred sporadically during the release cycle.
```
